hello dear simson friends i once have
again another video shot and
Although I want to show you today how
to get a simson motor in a legal way
and can do something faster
and that is about 2 today
Optimations I'll show you that
in short, the first optimization that
yes, here is the cylinder head sitting
he looks like this on the cylinder here
in the installed state in the
engine and if you have the cylinder head
then you can see that
the spark plug here shows that completely
short
There about two at the place
millimeter into the combustion chamber protrudes
This naturally leads to that in the
Incinerate here accordingly
swirling happen because of the
Flushing takes place here
cylinder head and you can now one
if I make the spark plug now
take out and then you can so the
spark plug accordingly here at the
provided with a copper ring
I put it down
about one and a half millimeters in thickness
and then when I turn the spark plug again
in the combustion chamber pure screw that makes
that's very short
then you see so clearly I know
that still dress properly now but
I think so too
already imagine very well
So you can see clearly here
So that spark plug now here
completes properly and flush
Accordingly, then the flushing
reasonable here too
So that's the first optimization
second optimization is the so-called
Quetsch knew many people have there
maybe ever heard of heard the
chatting crunching knew the distance
between the piston and the
cylinder head and here if the
piston goes up here results
he is not quite up to his head
ran but there remains a small
gap and this gap is the squeeze
knew the butt of the plug here
in the top of the cylinder and that comes
here also almost ran to the edge and
the column stops here between head and head
The piston then arises that is the
So-called crash knew there are now
a good option this
Aunt to measure in the installed state
and that's what I take to show
that's just a short piece of solder the
Löw'schen should therefore at least
one and a half to two millimeters thick
this one and a half is here now
millimeter thick and that maniche pushes
shows that it needs to be short
Take out the spark plug again with it
you can imagine that, so you can
bends the wire a bit crooked and
then you push the wire through the
Candle thread accordingly in this
position to the side and then the
piston comes from below and against against
press this wire then presses the
wire together at the place
then you take the advice out again and
then you can use a caliper
just the one squeezed
measure wire and then you know how strong
I knew that squashed showed
now here for a short time
jacked motor so you take the
the candles stretch turns off the
spark plug out and then you take yourself
the advice is here in the combustion chamber
pure can be so on the side
so now, for now
take the kickstarter and press the
kickstarter once by moment so that
should be enough
so now you can see a lot here
it is clear that the wire is at the end
is also compressed and if you are
get in now
it takes over I show that very briefly
so zero again then you can here
so the distance is fantastic
and the distance should be so around the
0.8 to 0.9 millimeters then it is
So very optimal for the production engine has
So you usually one and a half to 17
Millimeter squish knew some engines
also have only one or 1.2 mm crimp
So you should know
try the squeeze could
accordingly to optimize that one
So on 0.8 to 0.9 mm is something
if the forces are too big then
you can sit here at the place yes
the cylinder foot seal between there
can you then according to
get different directions
I'll show it for a very short time
I have two here now
different strengths of once was her
blue seal the national direction
So Ultramat has 28 mm and the other one
So the direction is 0.8 mm so that one
so that can balance 16 already
and when the ignition is still at 1.8
millimeter before ot and the carburettor
is reasonably optimized then let
Thus, end speeds of 70
reach 75 km h and you can tell
already clear and you have in the yes
do not intervene technically so
that one is therefore lawfully on the
safe side is okay i hope i
could help you a bit and
I wish you a nice day until
dance